engine: update API-version matrix and add Minimum API version (#24636)
docker/docker.github.io: content/reference/api/engine/_index.md

  or the
  [Python SDK documentation for `client`](https://docker-py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/client.html).

### Minimum API version

The Docker Engine API server and client support API-version negotiation. If

> a client connects with an older version of the Docker Engine, it negotiates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a client connects to an older version of the Docker Engine, it negotiates
```

the highest version of the API supported by both the client and daemon,
downgrading to an older version of the API if necessary.

When downgrading to an older API version, features introduced in later API
versions are disabled, and API requests and responses are adjusted for the
API version negotiated.

API version negotiation allows tools that have not been upgraded yet to the
latest API version specification to communicate with newer Docker Engines

> (and vice versa), but compatibility is "best effort"; while we strive to

Author: Any suggestions for wording to satisfy vale @dvdksn ? I could leave the sentence out, but thought it clarifies the intent (and limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(and vice versa), but compatibility is "best effort"; while Docker strives to
```

Author: ah, thx, yes, that would work!

| 0.6.4          | 1.6                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v16-api-changes)  |
| 0.6.2          | 1.5                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v15-api-changes)  |
| 0.6            | 1.4                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v14-api-changes)  |
| 0.5            | 1.3                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v13-api-changes)  |
| 0.4.1          | 1.2                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v12-api-changes)  |
| 0.3.4          | 1.1                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v11-api-changes)  |
| 0.3.3          | 1.0                 | 1.0                 | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v10-api-changes)  |
| 0.3.2          | -                   | -                   |                                                                    |
| 0.2            | -                   | -                   |                                                                    |

> | 0.1            | -                   | -                   |                                                                    |

Author: In case you're wondering; nope; these versions didn't have an API yet 😸

| 24.0           | [1.43](/reference/api/engine/version/v1.43/) | 1.12                                         | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v143-api-changes) |
| 23.0           | [1.42](/reference/api/engine/version/v1.42/) | 1.12                                         | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v142-api-changes) |
| 20.10          | [1.41](/reference/api/engine/version/v1.41/) | 1.12                                         | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v141-api-changes) |
| 19.03          | [1.40](/reference/api/engine/version/v1.40/) | 1.12                                         | [changes](/reference/api/engine/version-history/#v140-api-changes) |

### Deprecated API versions

API versions before v1.40 are deprecated and no longer supported by current
versions of the Docker Engine and CLI. You can find archived documentation
for deprecated versions of the API in the code repository on GitHub:

- [Documentation for API versions 1.24–1.43](https://github.com/moby/moby/tree/28.x/docs/api).
- [Documentation for API versions 1.18–1.23](https://github.com/moby/moby/tree/v25.0.0/docs/api).

> - [Documentation for API versions 1.17 and before](https://github.com/moby/moby/tree/v1.9.1/docs/reference/api).

Author: I'll update these links once we tagged a release with https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/52312 (probably linking to `master` could work, but I usually prefer something  more permanent.
